fix(overlay): ensure picker opens correctly in a modal in safari (#5392)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: .changeset/yummy-eyes-push.md

---
'@spectrum-web-components/overlay': minor
---

> ensure picker displays as expected if placed inside a dialog type overlay in safari

Reviewer: @TarunAdobe this resource may be helpful: https://github.com/RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system/wiki/Changesets

> ensure picker displays as expected if placed inside a dialog type overlay in safari

Author: shoot yes!!! let me updateeeeeeee 
PS: I need to read that for sure cz i really thought my changeset was okay lol 😭😂

> This ensures the picker-tray is positioned correctly when nested inside a dialog type overlay in Safari.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conditionally await nextFrame() only for longpress interactions to prevent layout issues in Safari when a picker-tray is nested inside a dialog-type overlay
```

Author: questions: since the changeset is what becomes changelog... should we be talking abt the implementation related stuff there like nextFrame() cause do consumers need to know about how we fixed something internally ?

Reviewer 3: Great question @TarunAdobe! I agree that this information should be tailored for customers and how this update affects them.

> This ensures the picker-tray is positioned correctly when nested inside a dialog type overlay in Safari.

Reviewer 2: I like how this is crafted: https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/blob/main/.changeset/angry-moons-exist.md
